---
title: "Who"
bg: black
color: green
fa-icon: question-circle
---
<!-- 
## **Backstory**

#### *(All ~~SuperVillains~~ online Pseudonyms need one.)*

1. Is Goshrow Russian? 
    asked no one.

    [Yes](http://www.genealogytoday.com/surname/finder.mv?Surname=Goshrow). But I am not. I am from somewhere in India, and maybe even around the world depending upon the VPN. 

1. What is up with GOSHROW then?

    It is one of easily available usernames around the internet. And, I wanted the Google Search results to rank me up accordingly. 
    
    Plus, what's not awesome in a Russian Name. For all i know, it is a worthy pseudonym to pen books and author prose. MAYBE, that is why I took up this name. 

<hr/> -->

## *Swapnil ?*

Um, yes, that is me, as well. **Swapnil Ghosh**

I am formally being educated at BIT Mesra for an Undergraduate Course: Bachelors in Information Technology; will graduate in 2022.

To add, I am a proactive consumer and contributor of the Internet and Computing Culture: be it creating and organizing a FOSS Event ( from Scratch ), publishing packages to pypi, contributing to Wikipedia, participating ( and winning ) hackathons, browsing each and everything that escapes me, or even blogging about all the [action](https://goshrow.github.io/blog).

<hr/>

## What interested me in Code?

### **Internet.**

No other field of education and profession can be used to potentially popularize and show off your self as an entity. The immediacy to be available remotely and impact places far-off within a collaborative human effort is what drives me. What interests me further than Computer Networks is how beautifully they can be arranged to effeciently realize the flow on highly scalable consumer bases and the strategic uses of tools like load balancers, MQs and CDNs. 

Add to the mix, Tom Scott, Computerphile, the fact a couple of folks wrote C, another college grad wrote the most famous Kernel and later on, the standard VCS, and the abundance of Resources for upcoming tech folks like me.

<hr/>

## **What I am looking forward to do?**
* Collaborating with and contributing to established corporations and start-ups as a Junior Software Developement Engineer / Intern.
* Working on highly scalable architectures, systems and codebases to directly or indirectly affect a considerable fraction of the population.
* Utilizing the entire width of my skills for maximal use and picking up new skills as and when needed to expand my skill-set.
* Building Loosely-Coupled MicroServices for wide as well as limited usage.
* Giving back to the coding community more than what I have gained, through further experience.
* Working on Interesting Pet Projects for the fun of it.
* Working on unsolved problems with latent or immediate future action plan.
* Optimizing upon current and legacy codes. 
* Refactoring enterprise codebases.
* Reinventing the wheel if needed.
* Anything, a framework, a script, an algorithm, an implementation, a set of APIs that has any real-life consequences and serves people efficiently.

