---
title: "Projects"
bg: '#006B6B'
color: white
fa-icon: code
---

<div class="projHead" markdown="1">

## whereAreMyFingers 
<h1><a href="https://github.com/GOSHROW/whereAreMyFingers">
<i class="fa fa-github" aria-hidden="true"></i>
</a>
</h1>
* A fun lightweight assistive tool that I have added to my autostart systemd services and use often.
* Acts as an assistive tool to tell and record the user's choice of input device, be it a keyboard or a mouse and effectively compare their usage.
* Added an effective man page for using it with some modifications on the daemonizing.
<hr/> <br/>
</div>

<div class="projHead" markdown="1">

## xMeme 
<h1><a href="https://github.com/GOSHROW/xMeme">
<i class="fa fa-github" aria-hidden="true"></i>
</a>
</h1>
* Created and Hosted a Full Stack Application on Azure, using NodeJS-ExpressJS and PostgreSQL for Backend API Services, and Vanilla JS on gh-pages for frontend.
* Provided a scalable platform for Uploading, Editing and Sharing Memes (or any content with an Image and a stub of textual content).
* Added Swagger Docs for the exposed APIs.
* Used LetsEncrypt for maintaining HTTPS calling to the APIs.
* Dockerized the entire app for running over an Ubuntu VM.
<hr/> <br/>
</div>

<div class="projHead" markdown="1">

## Image Encryption and Hiding Tool using SD2PBD
<h1><a href="https://github.com/GOSHROW/EncryptImg">
<i class="fa fa-github" aria-hidden="true"></i>
</a>
</h1>
* Implemented (and corrected) a research finding on Image Encryption which works for 3 channel images.
* Added my independent steganography which provides 100% recovery and has industry standard results on standardized tests.
<hr/> <br/>
</div>

<div class="projHead" markdown="1">

## Term-Zoom.zsh 
<h1><a href="https://gist.github.com/GOSHROW/2fa8d0f0659faa88b08f78d4f70f5f5d">
<i class="fa fa-github" aria-hidden="true"></i>
</a>
</h1>
* ZLE app to zoom in-out of rxvt-like terminals, by manipulating printf inputs.  Also has legibility checks.
* And thereby, simple to set-up and ease.
<hr/> <br/>
</div>

<div class="projHead" markdown="1">

## SongPlayer 
<h1><a href="https://gitlab.com/GOSHROW/songplayer">
<i class="fa fa-github" aria-hidden="true"></i>
</a>
</h1>
* A gradle built and OOPS modelling based implementation for the interface and core funcitionality of a Song Player, designed as per requirements from a coding challenge.
* Exhibits my most professional approach to a codebase architecture and structured ordering of the interfaces to be used.
<hr/> <br/>
</div>

<div class="projHead" markdown="1">

## Sudoku Generator, Identifier and Solver 
<h1><a href="https://github.com/GOSHROW/Sudoku">
<i class="fa fa-github" aria-hidden="true"></i>
</a>
</h1>
* Created the Pythonic Implementation for Generating and Solving Sudokus using Backtracking and Randomized Functions, from Scratch. 
* Uniquely enough, the sudokus are expandable to changes in size of the board, and adjust perfectly. 
* Served on Tkinter for GUI.
* Has an additional feature to load up and identify Sudokus from Images of 3x3 Sudokus using CNN and OpenCV.
<hr/> <br/>
</div>

<div class="projHead" markdown="1">

## Tutorial Extractor 
<h1><a href="https://github.com/GOSHROW/TutorialExtractor">
<i class="fa fa-github" aria-hidden="true"></i>
</a>
</h1>
* Scrapes through multiple concurrent online Tutorial Articles and compiles them into a PDF for ease of access. 
* Uses Semantic Front-End Code through BeautifulSoup and compiles the soups conveniently into a PDF by wkhtmltopdf.
* Configured wkhtmltopdf for Heroku Dyno, on which it is hosted as a Web Service relayed through Flask routing for POST of the entry forms. 
<hr/> <br/>
</div>
<div class="projHead" markdown="1">

## Zemotacqy
<h1><a href="https://github.com/kushrike/all_kavs36">
<i class="fa fa-github" aria-hidden="true"></i>
</a>
</h1>
* Winning Project at Hack36 MNNIT Allahabad, which aids in the diagnosis and treatment of ADHD patients using Visual Cues through a gamified platform.
* Integrated modular games to be served over Flask.
* Created a background process to Detect and Compile User’s Blink Pattern served behind a Zen Front-End.
<hr/> <br/>
</div>

<div class="projHead" markdown="1">

## Geektrust Challenge 
<h1><a href="https://gitlab.com/GOSHROW/geektrust">
<i class="fa fa-github" aria-hidden="true"></i>
</a>
</h1>
* An Object Modelling approach to a Coding Challenge (this time by geektrust). 
* Handles user requirements and basically checks up a Message's Ceaser Decryption with the original Character Map, all over an hypothetical scenario.
* And I am just super proud of this code for now.
<hr/> <br/>
</div>

<div class="projHead" markdown="1">

## Document Scanner 
<h1><a href="https://github.com/GOSHROW/Document-Scanner">
<i class="fa fa-github" aria-hidden="true"></i>
</a>
</h1>
* A cross-platform Document Scanner created in Python3. 
* Utilizes OpenCV to the best usage to intelligently determine document margins.
* Customizable document borders using Java Swing. 
<hr/> <br/>
</div>
<div class="projHead" markdown="1">

## Conway's Game Of Life on AWT
<h1><a href="https://github.com/GOSHROW/SimulateConway">
<i class="fa fa-github" aria-hidden="true"></i>
</a>
</h1>
* Provided an optimized GUI implementation of Conway's Game Of Life through Java AWT / Swing.
* Has custom seeding options and customizations in the speed of the pattern growth. 
<hr/> <br/>
</div>
<div class="projHead" markdown="1">

## GenAlgo
<h1><a href="https://github.com/GOSHROW/genalgo">
<i class="fa fa-github" aria-hidden="true"></i>
</a>
</h1>
* Available in Pypi.
* A Genetic Algorithm implementation with a wide array of seeding customizations available to determine upcoming Generations.
<hr/> <br/>
</div>
<div class="projHead" markdown="1">

## Collaborative WhiteBoard with in-built Text Chat
<h1><a href="https://github.com/kushrike/OPEN-INNOVATION-Timeshift">
<i class="fa fa-github" aria-hidden="true"></i>
</a>
</h1>
* Used WebSockets and HTML Canvas for WhiteBoard to be available Collaboratively. 
* Presented for HackNITR, a virtual Hackathon. 
<hr/> <br/>
</div>
<div class="projHead" markdown="1">

## BIT SummerOfCode Landing Page
<h1><a href="https://github.com/BITSoC/BITSoC.github.io">
<i class="fa fa-github" aria-hidden="true"></i>
</a>
</h1>
* Hosted on gh-pages, uses Jekyll for static generation. 
* Is the Landing Page for the entire FOSS Event BITSoC.
<hr/> <br/>
</div>
<div class="projHead" markdown="1">

## Green Screen
<h1><a href="https://github.com/GOSHROW/GreenScreen">
<i class="fa fa-github" aria-hidden="true"></i>
</a>
</h1>
* A Primitive Project to Identify the Pixels of an image or a VideoStream and swap out the pixels with a pre-provided layout's pixels.
* Uses Basic Python Pillow for the Implementation, but works remarkably fine, and even sifts through neighbouring pixels in cases of blur.

</div>

<script>
    ScrollReveal().reveal('.projHead', { delay: 400 });
</script>