---
title: "experiences"
bg: "#2F3F3F"
color: white
fa-icon: flag
---

## **Hack36 2020** *Feb 2020*

### We Won It. 

Organized by MNNIT Allahabad, this was a Major National College Hackathon, and we won it. 

The implemented and fully functioning code we created from scratch in 36 hours was an aid for ADHD diagnosis through visual cues served beside an Interactive Gaming Platform.

* I handled a major aspect of the app which was to poplulate a blinking-pattern graph for the end-user while serving an aesthetic Zen mode to cool down the supposed ADHD Patient. 
* This graph was processed in the background and immediately served up to be further accessible from the Public Cloud Service we used, while avoiding any PII of the patient.
* Thereby, I streamlined it into the major flow of deployment and put it up as a route while making sure that we got no Cross-Origiin errors and it worked cross-platform.

<hr/>

## **Crio Launch** *Feb 2020 - Mar 2020*

### Enterprise-Level Hands-On Coding

This was a hand-on experiential learning platform provided to a bunch of cherry-picked candidates to work on a Simulated Enterprise Codebase. Much like a Virtual WorkPlace with various streams to work on and milestones to complete.

* The selection process was not only a rigorous coding round, but also a weekend assignment to utilize HTTP Requests, Postman and API Documentations for on-the-go Social Media Sharing microservice of a Food Delivery Website.
* Utilized a VSFTPD ( Very Secure File Transfer Protocol Daemon ) for secure and effecient Packet Transfer through the Background Process using Bash.
* Insured Packet Transfer through the Daemon by utilizing WireShark and FileZilla. And ran instances for them on the remote workspace.
* Refactored Java Spring Code for a Microservice that looked out for API Calls pertaining to a Stock Trading Portfolio and delivered the interfaces for it.
* Implemented Fundamental Logic for reporting the shifts in market economy, and published it all to a Central Maven Repository.

<hr/>

## **Crio.Do Lead TA** *Dec 2019 - Jan 2020*

### Eased the managerial aspects of TAs in Crio.Do

* As a Lead TA, I scheduled the availability and the schedule for other TAs, handled meta-issues and onboarded TAs effeciently on from their performance in the weekend Cohorts.
* Insured that all tickets are resolved adequately, and solutions to the issues effectively come up as Discussions on the Forums on Discourse.

<hr/>

## **IET, BIT Mesra** *Aug 2018 - Present*

### Joint Secretary

* Organized tech-related events and workshops for Python3, C/C++, Web Developement and Linux / Networking for the College Club.
* Expanded the audience of the club events to include remote and inter-college participants amidst the pandemic.
* Formulated and Organized **BITSoC**, an Open Source Event promoting a Community and Mentor-Mentee Relations to work on FOSS projects.

<hr/>

